NEGOMBO THERMAL PARK

COVID-19 ANTI DIFFUSION PLAN



SARS-COV2 ANTI-SPREAD SAFETY PROTOCOL

REGIONAL CRISIS UNIT PURSUANT TO DECREE PGRCN 51 OF 20.03.20

- Annex sub 1 to Ordinance n.52 of 26.05.20 -

* IN CONTINUITY WITH THE PROTOCOL SHARED BY THE SOCIAL PARTIES *

APPROVED WITH DPCM OF 26 APRIL 2020 as well as with the general criteria of the documents produced by Inail and the Istituto Superiore di Sanità



CUSTOMERS ARE REQUIRED TO FOLLOW THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED IN THIS SECURITY PROTOCOL:

ART. 1 - At the entrance to the thermal park, under the umbrellas and near the cash desk, there are special information signs. The use of the swimming pools and the beach, due to Covid-19, is subject to restrictions and will be different from previous years, in particular access to the "Hamam" Turkish bath, to the "Bolla di Giada" pools and to the " Black Hole ”, for this we ask for your understanding.

ART. 2 - To avoid crowds, access to the spa park can be made by booking. The use of a mask for access and exit is mandatory; this obligation always applies except when you are under an umbrella or in the pool or in the sea. Inlwaiting to go to the cash desk of the spa park and to leave the establishment, the distancing must be respected. Body temperature can always be detected, preventing access in case of temperature above 37.5 °. The mixed use of umbrellas is forbidden, with the exception of members of the same family unit, or for persons who share the same housing unit, or with persons who, according to the provisions in force, are not subject to interpersonal distancing. At the first access to the thermal park of subscribers and / or day customers, they will be accompanied to the umbrella assigned to them by an employee who will illustrate the rules to follow. Swimming is not allowed inside the swimming pools (except for the Olympic swimming pool), therefore an area of ​​4 square meters will be calculated for each guest. of water. Entrance to the pools will be regulated as follows:

- Nr 13 Jacuzzi Hydromassages (3.50 sqm) and Nr 6 Balze Hydromassage Pool (7 sqm): 1 person, except for those belonging to the same family or cohabiting, or who, according to the provisions in force, are not subject to distancing interpersonal.

- Nr 29 Circular Swimming Pool (28.50 sq m): 7 people.

- Nr 26 Large Thermal Pool (340 sqm): 85 people.

- Nr 22 Thermal Pool (51.50 square meters): 12 people.

- Nr 11 Olympic Swimming Pool (495 sqm): 70 people.

- Nr 12 Arco swimming pool (34.10 m2): 8 people.

- Nr 7 Labyrinth swimming pool (2 pools 15 m2 + 15 m2): 3 people for each pool - Nr 5 Maya swimming pool (18 ° - 8.50 m2; 40 ° - 33.00 m2): 18 ° - 2 people; 40th -8 people.

- Nr 2 Templar Pool (110 square meters): 9 people (1 person per shower).

- Nr 3 Nesti swimming pool (85 square meters): 21 people.

- Nr 4 Anthrotherapy Cave (35 sqm): 8 people

NB : the numbers refer to the maps displayed inside the park.

Regular application of the usual hygiene safety rules in swimming pool water is recommended: before diving, take a thorough shower all over the body. Gatherings are prohibited, all water sports must be carried out in compliance with interpersonal distancing.

ART. 3 - The arrangement of the umbrellas is organized ensuring a minimum or greater surface area of ​​10 square meters per station, with a minimum spacing between the equipment of 1.5 meters compared to the equipment of the adjacent umbrella. The transit corridors are one-way, the stations are numbered as per the signs and reservations are required for both seasonal and daily customers. At the time of booking or accessing the thermal park, customers must communicate their data which will be recorded and stored for 14 days, as per the privacy policy set out in the management, in order to retrospectively trace any contacts following contagions. Parents, or those on their behalf, will supervise the rules of social distancing of children in all circumstances.

ART. 4 - The reservation of the umbrella place and the payment of the entrance to the park can be made with the APP to be downloaded on a mobile phone, tablet, Ipad, computer etc.

ART. 5 - In case of rain or bad weather, customers are advised not to crowd towards the exit, but to wait under the umbrella for their evacuation turn which will be indicated by the staff of the thermal park. Please note that in the restaurant / bar areas access is allowed to a number of people equal to the seats and equipped with a mask.

ART. 6 - The mixed use of the changing rooms is forbidden, which can only be used after disinfection from the previous customer's exit. The mixed use of linen is also forbidden: the user must access the service equipped with everything needed; if he is out of stock, he can rent and / or buy towels and / or bathrobes from the cloakroom. The use of the towel on deckchairs, sun loungers and seats is mandatory.

At the cloakroom, clothing and personal items must be placed in their own bag; bags are available to contain your personal effects.

ART. 7- In the event that a guest, while staying inside the facility, experiences fever or respiratory symptoms (dry cough, sore throat, breathing difficulties), he must communicate this to the staff without coming into direct contact. The Company will promptly inform the Prevention Department of the ASL, except for particularly critical situations in which the 118 intervention will be requested. surgical mask, avoid contact with other people, accompany him to an isolated environment or to the infirmary previously equipped with disinfectant / germicidal wipes for cleaning surfaces and tissues, disposable bag for biohazardous waste. The door of the room must be closed; the room must be adequately ventilated. Any delivery of food and drinks or other will be carried out by leaving what is necessary outside the door. Any urgent needs that involve the entry of a person into the same environment must be carried out by a doctor present or by a person in good health using the appropriate personal protective equipment (FFP2 or FFP3 mask, face protection and gloves, protective apron overalls disposable full-length long sleeves). The customer must eliminate any material used in isolation (paper handkerchiefs, etc.), closing everything in a double bag, which will be disinfected and disposed of together with any infected materials produced during the intervention of the health personnel.

ART. 8- All company premises and showers have been sanitized (nebulization of technically certified active ingredients) upon opening and this operation will be repeated based on the risk analysis, while cleaning (removal of visible dirt with water and detergents or enzymatic products) is carried out periodically during the day and when necessary, disinfection (a process capable of eliminating most of the pathogenic microorganisms with the use of specific certified germicidal products) will take place daily. Regular and frequent cleaning and disinfection of common areas such as changing rooms, cabins, showers and toilets is guaranteed. The equipment (deckchairs, chairs, beds, etc.) will be disinfected at each change of person and at the end of each day.

In the cloakroom there are disposable disinfectant / germicidal wipes for cleaning surfaces which, if used, will be disposed of in the appropriate waste bins.

To access the toilets use the mask.

ART. 9 - Customers with feverish symptoms, those who have had contact with people with Covid - 19 in the previous 14 days and those placed in quarantine, are prohibited from going to the Company's premises;

ART. 10 - The behavioral precautions to be followed in order to reduce the infection are those dictated by the WHO on the measures of social distancing, hand cleaning and respiratory hygiene, summarized as follows:

Ensure proper hand hygiene by frequently washing them with hot running water and disinfectant detergents for at least one minute, alternatively disinfectant gel dispensers are installed.

Social distancing of at least 1 m and mandatory use of masks. In the impossibility of respecting distances and when using common spaces; the masks should always be worn after disinfecting the hands and taking care not to compromise their effectiveness by contaminating them involuntarily.

The masks must be disposed of in the appropriate containers indicated by signs.

ART. 11 - The service manager of the Covid 19 Anti-diffusion plan of the Negombo park: is Mr. MARCO CASTAGNA. The operators of the Covid 19 Anti-diffusion plan service for the sector: Cassa Piscine Ms. CANTARESSI ANTONELLA , for the Pools it is Mr. SCANDIUZZI BRUNO , for the Negombo Beach Mr. CANCELLO GIUSEPPE, for the cloakroom Mrs. CAPRIO RAFFAELLA , for the offices Mrs. RONELLI ADRIANA .



VADEMECUM SANITARY HYGIENIC MEASURES

Wash your hands often

Avoid contact with people suffering from respiratory infections

Avoid hugs and handshakes

Maintain a distance of at least 1 meter

Sneezing, coughing into a handkerchief or the crook of the arm, and avoiding contact with respiratory secretions

Avoid mixed use of bottles and glasses

Do not touch your eyes, nose and mouth with your hands

Avoid gatherings



An extract of this regulation is placed under each umbrella to remember the guidelines.
